README.md, before:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back t<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See:  -->
<a id="readme-top"></a>

# [🔥XoDos Rebirth link🔥](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos2)

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/main/Logo.png">
    <img src="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/main/Logo.png" alt="Logo" width="330" height="300">
  </a>

## XoDos emulator
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xodiosx/XoDos/total.svg)](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-orange)](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Join%20Chat-blue)](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20Community-7289da)](https://discord.gg/d2ChVhPfnF)


# About
it's a fully fledged X server with termux and winlator touch controls together in one App. It is built with Android NDK.

## Submodules
This repo uses submodules. Use 

```
~ $ git clone https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos
~ $ cd XoDos
~ $ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

or build app you can Use any command tools even useing XoDos itself inside proot environmental to build , useing this command 👇
```
git clone -b main https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos && cd XoDos && git submodule update --init --recursive && ./gradlew syncDebugJarLibs && ./gradlew assembleDebug
```

  <p align="center">
    windows and Linux emulator for Android it aims to run windows and Linux games and Apps on android with x86_64 and glibc and bionic wine builds and Linux debain proot and Kali operating system installable with pre installed small native Linux xfce4 desktop 
        <br />
      <br />
      ## IMPORTANT :⚠️ YOU NEED TO UNINSTALL TERMUX IF YOU CAN'T INSTALL XODOS ⚠️
    <a href="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases"><strong>✅Download latest versions of XoDos Full and proot debian and other files from the releases📥</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
      <a href="https://www.mediafire.com/file/8mkdjxq0waq26vz/XoDos-kali.tar.xz/file"><strong>🎁Download XoDos Kali chroot full🧩➕(extra package)</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.mediafire.com/file/37dw6t855d3xcgv/XoDos-V5_full_arm64-v8a.apk/file"><strong>🌐Download XoDos Old V5.0.0 bionic+glibc full with icons Big (Old) version.APK 1.86 GB</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://youtu.be/iY-NcRbcofo?si=t2qnuzIf618Of8Zi"><strong>installing XoDos 5 YouTube video</strong></a>
      <br />
      <br />
      if you like this project you can give it a💫Star⚠️And if XoDos crashing⁉️and if you have android higher than 11+👇you need to disable phantom process killer first 
fix phantom process killer or process complete signal 9 error
command used::
      
```
settings put global settings_enable_monitor_phantom_procs false
```
the fixing app link 👇
https://drive.google.com/file/d/14Z57iKidS0aiwVt2e4edjsMGeeykAJ0W/view?usp=drivesdk
      <br />
    <a href="https://youtube.com/shorts/5vOUHn_qvis?si=UkQq6aZV8SVtECwq"><strong>Phantom killer Fix video</strong></a>
      <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/xodos/home"><strong>showcase & telegram</strong></a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://youtu.be/WPfbSrp5EFI?si=thZkm_WIWnFk6l3g)

There's a lot of windows emulators these days and few are customizable , but this one is fully customizable and have More than just emulator,, from Linux operating system to wine both glibc and bionic also it support proot and Kali chroot ,, for now it has All necessary needs running Linux apps and windows games ,,
it's has 
turnip drivers
VirGl drivers
Vulkan wrappers
DXVK
wineD3D
box64
and everything needed to run whatever & wherever you want,,

below Are the vailable versions,,

XoDos 5  ::
XoDos V5.1.0 glibc/bionic
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Get XoDos APK from the inks above
2. install it
3. open the XoDos Settings and Press install XoDos system (wait and give storage permission)
4. Wait until it closes automatically 
5. open again enjoy

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Installation version 5

1. Get XoDos APK from the inks above
2. install it
3. open the XoDos and give storage permission
4. Wait until it finish installing and closes automatically 
5. open again enjoy

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## To-do

- [ ] support More drivers for more devices like, some Mali GPUs, and adreno 7xx, adreno elite , adreno elite, some other devices
- [✓] More languages
- [✓] easier User friendly UX & UI
- [ ] Fix Google Pixel phones won't open the app


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## ⭐
<a id="support"></a> <!-- Anchor for funding button -->
## ❤️ Support This Project and buy me a ☕ ❤️
https://buymeacoffee.com/karysdev?new=1


## License
Released under the [GPLv3 license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).
 See `LICENSE.md` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact
XoDos - [Discord](https://discord.gg/d2ChVhPfnF)
xodios X - [@XAleiwi](https://x.com/XAleiwi)
[YouTube channel:](https://www.youtube.com/@xodmods5082)
 [Telegram Group:](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)




<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
* [winlator](https://github.com/brunodev85/winlator)
* [termux mod](https://github.com/jiaxinchen-max/)
* [termux](https://github.com/termux)
* [wine](https://www.winehq.org)
* [Mesa 3d](https://www.mesa3d.org)
* [DXVK](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/dxvk)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributors 
Team: @xodiosx🇾🇪 & @DesarrolladorPrimary 🇨🇴 & @Mondo67244🇲🇫 & (telegram:@Aurora0y🇧🇷) & (telegram:@Chest1902🇧🇩) & @jiaxinchen-max 🇨🇳 & @Snap888🇷🇺
Logo designer:(telegram:@xl_v6/ashen🇮🇶)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

xodios - [@XAleiwi](https://x.com/XAleiwi)
[YouTube channel:](https://www.youtube.com/@xodmods5082)
 [Telegram Group:](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)



<a id="readme-top"></a>

Commit message:

Update README with XoDos rebirth details
Clarified description of XoDos rebirth and its features.

README.md, after:

<!-- Improved compatibility of back t<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See:  -->
<a id="readme-top"></a>

# [🔥XoDos Rebirth link🔥](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos2)
XoDos rebirth id the second version of XoDos original but different app and features and have active development
<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->


<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/main/Logo.png">
    <img src="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/main/Logo.png" alt="Logo" width="330" height="300">
  </a>

## XoDos emulator
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/xodiosx/XoDos/total.svg)](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases)
[![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-orange)](https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Join%20Chat-blue)](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Join%20Community-7289da)](https://discord.gg/d2ChVhPfnF)


# About
it's a fully fledged X server with termux and winlator touch controls together in one App. It is built with Android NDK.

## Submodules
This repo uses submodules. Use 

```
~ $ git clone https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos
~ $ cd XoDos
~ $ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

or build app you can Use any command tools even useing XoDos itself inside proot environmental to build , useing this command 👇
```
git clone -b main https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos && cd XoDos && git submodule update --init --recursive && ./gradlew syncDebugJarLibs && ./gradlew assembleDebug
```

  <p align="center">
    windows and Linux emulator for Android it aims to run windows and Linux games and Apps on android with x86_64 and glibc and bionic wine builds and Linux debain proot and Kali operating system installable with pre installed small native Linux xfce4 desktop 
        <br />
      <br />
      ## IMPORTANT :⚠️ YOU NEED TO UNINSTALL TERMUX IF YOU CAN'T INSTALL XODOS ⚠️
    <a href="https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/releases"><strong>✅Download latest versions of XoDos Full and proot debian and other files from the releases📥</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
      <a href="https://www.mediafire.com/file/8mkdjxq0waq26vz/XoDos-kali.tar.xz/file"><strong>🎁Download XoDos Kali chroot full🧩➕(extra package)</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://www.mediafire.com/file/37dw6t855d3xcgv/XoDos-V5_full_arm64-v8a.apk/file"><strong>🌐Download XoDos Old V5.0.0 bionic+glibc full with icons Big (Old) version.APK 1.86 GB</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://youtu.be/iY-NcRbcofo?si=t2qnuzIf618Of8Zi"><strong>installing XoDos 5 YouTube video</strong></a>
      <br />
      <br />
      if you like this project you can give it a💫Star⚠️And if XoDos crashing⁉️and if you have android higher than 11+👇you need to disable phantom process killer first 
fix phantom process killer or process complete signal 9 error
command used::
      
```
settings put global settings_enable_monitor_phantom_procs false
```
the fixing app link 👇
https://drive.google.com/file/d/14Z57iKidS0aiwVt2e4edjsMGeeykAJ0W/view?usp=drivesdk
      <br />
    <a href="https://youtube.com/shorts/5vOUHn_qvis?si=UkQq6aZV8SVtECwq"><strong>Phantom killer Fix video</strong></a>
      <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://sites.google.com/view/xodos/home"><strong>showcase & telegram</strong></a>
  </p>
</div>



<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->



<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project

[![Product Name Screen Shot][product-screenshot]](https://youtu.be/WPfbSrp5EFI?si=thZkm_WIWnFk6l3g)

There's a lot of windows emulators these days and few are customizable , but this one is fully customizable and have More than just emulator,, from Linux operating system to wine both glibc and bionic also it support proot and Kali chroot ,, for now it has All necessary needs running Linux apps and windows games ,,
it's has 
turnip drivers
VirGl drivers
Vulkan wrappers
DXVK
wineD3D
box64
and everything needed to run whatever & wherever you want,,

below Are the vailable versions,,

XoDos 5  ::
XoDos V5.1.0 glibc/bionic
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->
## Getting Started

### Installation

1. Get XoDos APK from the inks above
2. install it
3. open the XoDos Settings and Press install XoDos system (wait and give storage permission)
4. Wait until it closes automatically 
5. open again enjoy

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Installation version 5

1. Get XoDos APK from the inks above
2. install it
3. open the XoDos and give storage permission
4. Wait until it finish installing and closes automatically 
5. open again enjoy

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->


<!-- ROADMAP -->
## To-do

- [ ] support More drivers for more devices like, some Mali GPUs, and adreno 7xx, adreno elite , adreno elite, some other devices
- [✓] More languages
- [✓] easier User friendly UX & UI
- [ ] Fix Google Pixel phones won't open the app


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## ⭐
<a id="support"></a> <!-- Anchor for funding button -->
## ❤️ Support This Project and buy me a ☕ ❤️
https://buymeacoffee.com/karysdev?new=1


## License
Released under the [GPLv3 license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html).
 See `LICENSE.md` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>



<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact
XoDos - [Discord](https://discord.gg/d2ChVhPfnF)
xodios X - [@XAleiwi](https://x.com/XAleiwi)
[YouTube channel:](https://www.youtube.com/@xodmods5082)
 [Telegram Group:](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)




<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- ACKNOWLEDGMENTS -->
## Acknowledgments
* [winlator](https://github.com/brunodev85/winlator)
* [termux mod](https://github.com/jiaxinchen-max/)
* [termux](https://github.com/termux)
* [wine](https://www.winehq.org)
* [Mesa 3d](https://www.mesa3d.org)
* [DXVK](https://github.com/ValveSoftware/dxvk)
<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Contributors 
Team: @xodiosx🇾🇪 & @DesarrolladorPrimary 🇨🇴 & @Mondo67244🇲🇫 & (telegram:@Aurora0y🇧🇷) & (telegram:@Chest1902🇧🇩) & @jiaxinchen-max 🇨🇳 & @Snap888🇷🇺
Logo designer:(telegram:@xl_v6/ashen🇮🇶)


<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/github_username/repo_name.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/xodiosx/XoDos/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[linkedin-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-black.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&colorB=555
[linkedin-url]: https://linkedin.com/in/linkedin_username
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png

xodios - [@XAleiwi](https://x.com/XAleiwi)
[YouTube channel:](https://www.youtube.com/@xodmods5082)
 [Telegram Group:](https://t.me/xodemulatorr)



<a id="readme-top"></a>
